Now let's take an overview of what we've done what we've implemented in this application in this application.
We created a spring Boot application.
And within that application we made use of spring data spring timely and of course for our application
container we made use of spring web and after that we created ourselves a data loader and within that
data loader we connected to our repository and after that when we run our application we created two
products and saved them to our upholstery so that we can instantly have two products ready for us to
serve our users and for that product we use a product model and market it at an entity which end up
product we had fields like ID name description type category and price.
And after that we moved on to creating our actual application UI and for doing that we started off with
a head.
A shot himself while within that header not aged himself while we first started with timely namespace
which is ex-MIL name splays and T-H and after that we said we are using the Content-Type as a T.M. and
then we included bootstrap into our application.
And the way that we do it was with the bootstrap web jar with this dependency.
And after that in our head down to himself while we referenced it our bootstrap web jar.
And we also provided a full back method fallback ref for bootstrap mean that CSSA as you can see here.
And we made it explicitly for screen so that any kind of DeWyze can automatically be adjusted with bootstrap.
And after the bootstrap initialization we provided our own style sheet and within that style sheet if
we go there we provided a couple of adjustments for our navigation bar.
And if we go back to our head up a DML after we've finished our head actions in the body we created
a couple of divisions and after that we actually started creating all navigation within our navigation.
We had a homebuilder as the bigger one from the other ones.
This humbug and as you remember was now getting us back to our actual initial page.
And we also had two other buttons in the section in this navigation section and those were products
and create product buttons and those we're again referring us back to other parts of our application.
And after our navigation we had a Jumbotron from Bootstrap and you remember that Jumbotron was the indicator
of an important content within your application within this Jumbotron.
We used a H-2 header tag for spring and we see application text and after that we use the pubertal Java
spring logo pian GMH so that we can have a nice weasel on our application.
And after we set up our initial page it was looking like this if we go back to Firefox we had a page
like this.
When you finished our index page and headed up to him.
If we go back to idea as you remember in our index our age to M-L all we had done was we provided a
title and within a block statement we included our head up a L so that our navigation and the spring
and the application text and also the image that we want should be included in every application that
we had.
After finishing our index our age DML we moved on to creating a new product page and for that we used
to edit a shot himself while so that we could use and reuse it when we were developing our product edit
page in our new product our product edit page.
We first started with the timely namespace and then we did not forget to add our head.
Tim elth page and after that we started off with creating a division and class that we use for division
was container.
And after that we took an object the product object from the controller and we post that object for
creating a new product.
And in this form we used a couple of this and inputs and labels for describing our product details as
I mentioned earlier.
We use this page as the edit page to see if we made a good reuse of our age HTML sources.
And when we finished this page we moved on to our products.
H Tim L in our products.
H d m l we again started off with time we've name space and after that we included our heads up a Tim
L and within our body we started off with a container as the division
and then we made it timely.
If check for our products list so that we shouldn't be displaying if the list as empty and after that
we said we're going to be using the header as all products and within the all products we use a table
within that table.
We listed all the properties of our product and in the end of the properties we provided to other headers
to our columns to our table and those were added and delete for EDID action.
We used a button the script as default and redirected our click event to product slash edit and slash
product ID and for our lead action we use the button Venger so that we could have a red button and the
action for the delete was Products lasht delete slash ID and in our control or we provided the backing
methods of our application for our index method we provide the default path the initial path of our
application and we simply return our index stoutish to m l 40 product creation.
We provided the product slash AB method the get method and within that method we simply turn a new product
so that we can fill it in with the well use that we provided it to now user interface and then we simply
return the edit.
Jim elde that we reuse within the new and edit pages and after that we provided the same method the
pulse method for the form that we created with the new product page.
And when we finished saving our product to our repository we redirected our users to the initial page
of our application.
The index page.
And after that we created the controller for getting the products and for the products we use these
products.
And then we simply add the property to our model with the product repository to find all Methot And
so that we can return our result to products that HMO while for editing our products.
We use the products slash edit slash ID.
And with that ID we could find the product that we're interested in and then we could return the data
to our edit age ASTM LH.
And finally we said products slashed Leite slash ID to actually do eat a product.
And with the idea that we get from the UI we simply go to our repository and to lead it to product and
round me finish.
We were directed our users to products listing PH No let's open up our application and navigate around
it and see all the functionality that we have.
So I'm switching to Firefox and we have the index page as this for our application.
We have the navigation on top and we have the Jumbotron right below that 40 products list thing.
We had the products button the navigation here and when we clicked that we had all the products listed
for us and in the last section of our table we had two buttons.
We had it and we have delete them we clicked edit we could see the details of our product and we could
simply update it with the same one right.
We have here and if we go back to our products this thing we also had to delete button and use that
leap button we could simply delete the product that we're interested in and if we also wanted to create
a new product we could use to create product one that we have here if we clicked on it.
We're presented with the edit details page with MTA list of properties.
Now we could simply fill in the properties and then say to create a new product.
This has been a great product application the embassy application that we do all up here and I hope
you really enjoyed it.
And in the next with you.
Let's talk about the exercise that you're going to develop.